This one. You are not welcome here.
You really did own the hotel at that time.
He's just a running dog, and he's still called a kid here.
As far as I know, new and old hotels can be contracted back as long as they have money.
Your emotions are clearly that of the Wei Song Dynasty.
Isn't it just to draw out the madness of the CEO's wife?
That's right, I didn't host any events at all.
I'm just here to tell you his true identity.
Oh my gosh, he wants to be the CEO's wife,
Think about it in general. Mr. Husband,
There is a person named Madam who is attending,
Ask the teacher again. Li Jiajia.
If it weren’t for your ex-boyfriend Zhao Yi’s career
I'm afraid that everyone will continue to be sidelined by you
He's just a guy who died late.
Before, I wanted to target the main businesses of my hotels one by one.
Unexpectedly, I ended up with personal information pass
Xia Ran Shen Yi
Let's spread rumors and slander me again.
You still don't understand clearly
with the gap between us
Don’t think that Israel is superior
To be superior to others
It's just a strict imitator.
Think one's status is noble
Liang Zhi was already picked up in Jiu County
I thought you couldn't get along with us
Do you really think you are the wife of the General Staff?
How can you take it?
Kneel down and apologize to us quickly
Otherwise the vice president is here
Come back soon
When will it be your turn to take turns?